Okay, Bai Fangwei
He even sent a lawyer to negotiate terms with me
Tell me how much he wants from me.
Half or all?
No matter how much money he has
I won't give it to him
White and malicious destruction of investment
And he wants to take money from me, he dreams
Mr. Chen, your paranoia is a bit serious
Bai Xia's choice to leave the house
There is no requirement to divide the property.
What!
He doesn't want a penny
Humph
What are you pretending to be noble?
He can't survive a day without me
You tell the white wind
I will definitely make him kneel down and beg me
Coincidentally, Mr. Bai said that if you dare to provoke him again
The person kneeling on the ground must be you
How did I marry such a woman?
Brother providence, look
Only I am sincere to you
Why don't you care
I want to go, too.
But now the formula cannot be synthesized
Clients are asking for termination
I'm here to hand over to you. Don't be alarmist.
If the clients really want to break the contract
Why didn't you receive a call from my brother?
Hello Mr. Zhao, Miss Tang
Your formula is not available in stock.
Let's terminate the contract
Hello
Ah hello
Boss Qin, Mr. Chen
I want to terminate the contract with you
To cancel the contract is to pay liquidated damages
Publish the recipe
It's yours to pay.
Avoiding white defense doesn't even count as a fart